Add  section to explain how to pay fees with different assets (#6084)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build/build-integrate-assets.md

you use on the Relay Chain. The SS58 encodings are the same; only the chain information (genesis
hash, etc.) will change on transaction construction.

#### Paying Transaction Fees in Another Asset

> Users in the Asset Hub can pay the fees of their transactions with assets other than DOT. The only requirement is that a liquidity pool of the relevant asset against DOT should already exist as a storage entry of [the Asset Conversion pallet](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-asset-conversion-assethub).    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users in the Asset Hub can pay the fees of their transactions with assets other than DOT. The only requirement is that a liquidity pool of the relevant asset against DOT should already exist as a storage entry of [the Asset Conversion pallet](../learn/learn-asset-conversion-assethub).    
```

> Technically speaking, this is enabled by [the `ChargeAssetTxPayment` signed-extension](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/blob/bb52c327360d1098d3b3d36f4eafb40a74636e80/system-parachains/asset-hubs/asset-hub-polkadot/src/lib.rs#L1016) implemented in the Asset Hub runtime. This signed-extension extends transactions to include an optional `AssetId` that specifies the asset to be used for payment of both the execution fees and the optional tip. It defaults to the native token when it is set to `None`. In case it is given, this `AssetId` has to be an [XCM `Multilocation`](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn/xcm/fundamentals/multilocation-summary). Once the transaction is executed in the block, it will emit an `AssetTxFeePaid` event, informing of the account paying the fees, the amount in the asset paid as fee, the tip (if any), and the asset ID of the asset paying the fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Technically speaking, this is enabled by [the `ChargeAssetTxPayment` signed-extension](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/blob/bb52c327360d1098d3b3d36f4eafb40a74636e80/system-parachains/asset-hubs/asset-hub-polkadot/src/lib.rs#L1016) implemented in the Asset Hub runtime. This signed-extension extends transactions to include an optional `AssetId` that specifies the asset to be used for payment of both the execution fees and the optional tip. It defaults to the native token when it is set to `None`. In case it is given, this `AssetId` has to be an [XCM `Multilocation`](../learn/learn/xcm/fundamentals/multilocation-summary). Once the transaction is executed in the block, it will emit an `AssetTxFeePaid` event, informing of the account paying the fees, the amount in the asset paid as fee, the tip (if any), and the asset ID of the asset paying the fees.
```

> **HANDLING POOLS WITH LOW LIQUIDITY**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Handling Pools with Low Liquidity**
```

Wallets and UIs enabling this functionality should ensure that the user is prompted with the necessary warnings, such that they do not accidentally spend all of their funds to perform a swap on a pool with no or low liquidity. 

> ##### Examples for Devs and Wallets on How to Build Transactions That Pays Fees with Other Assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### How to Build Transactions Paying Fees with Other Assets
```
